[Music]
previously on face
no but i'm thinking about like you here
with like freddy krueger or whatever
where people are like who invented the
character anyway
hey gavin who invented freddy krueger
uh
oh i i know this i know this can i
answer this i love trivia absolutely i
team myself up is it wes craven yep he
said i know this i just know i i assume
it was him hey jeff just so you know
it's episode 104 and whatever andrew was
gonna say i was just gonna say yes to go
ahead whenever you're ready hello and
welcome to another episode of the face
podcast this is number 104
season four year two volume one my name
is jeff ramsey with me as always
gavin free and a mumbling idiot named
andrew why are you talking to yourself
in the intro andrew okay well
two things first of all this is the end
of year two it's their last episode of
year two i realized i didn't hit record
i just hit record right now i have not
been recording i apologize well because
it's talking about a thing that i didn't
like part of the show so i missed the my
recording did not pick up any of the
backup we're talking about freddy
krueger and who invented it i was just
curious i thought it was wes craven it
was great according to google in a basic
search what's the controversy over
freddy krueger i think it was i don't
know if there was controversy for freddy
krueger i remember there was with jason
i think he's just not a very nice bloke
you can't be inventing freddy krueger
drama well it's it's in the same kind of
mythos freddy krueger and jason are sort
of the same they've fought each other
once like i feel like that's not that's
like saying that's like to say
me and elon musk are the same dude
because we both have twitter i i feel
like that's a not at all comparable
there was a
if you and elon musk were in the same
space and you fought each other as part
of a giant campaign if you two fought
then it would be the same did they ever
do
freddy vs preda probably in like a comic
book
somewhere i just feel like they need to
bring the two versus movies and go
against each other
like the winner of each
that's a great i'd be so on board for
that i watched all of the freddy and all
of the jason movies because of freddy
versus jason i hadn't seen freddy vs
jason and i thought like i wanna i want
all the history of these characters so i
watched both films to that point there's
like six movies on each side if you
compare
versus way more than six jason movies at
that point there was at least ten uh i
don't think there are
maybe i don't know this was a while ago
either way
if you put freddy versus jason against
any real life fight it's the most
disappointing fight i've ever seen hands
down i used to really want to be called
jason as a kid because i thought
it was the coolest name because
what is it july august september october
november
it's jason i was like man jason's are so
lucky because of that
i don't know what you're talking about
like the first
like if you write the first letter of
every month it spells jason in the
middle that is
such a classic dumb kid thing to think
that's great dude i love that
that's insane ah it's too bad there's no
g and v n uh months damn
goon
[Laughter]
hey what a wha
what do you guys want to talk about
today we have quite a few things i feel
like should we open up with uh
i would like to say on the record that
bagels are infinitely better than roller
coasters roller coasters not great my
opinion i just would like to say that on
the record roll
yeah jack did a whole thing because we
should actually just get in that's a
great entry point today yeah we might as
well tunnel of love that is known as
anal passage um
we we are selling a lot of shirts
an absurd amount of shirts that i feel
like has completely changed the
narrative on what this whole bid is we
accidentally made the best-selling shirt
of the entire year is that right yeah i
believe so that is atrocious
i think it's the most profitable shirt
and we're like right about to cross the
most sold i feel genuinely bad about
that one
yeah i thought we were gonna sell like
20 of those things
uh we we have sold hundreds upon
hundreds and people keep buying them but
well firstly i thought we were treated
like it was going to be a limited run
like our balls
yes but secondly who are these like
600 people who want to wear anal passage
on the front of their shirt they cut
surely you can't wear that one i was
talking about this with jack this
morning because i had to record anal
passage uh two episodes of anal passage
so i'm if i'm sitting a little weird if
i feel uncomfortable that's why
uh and uh i was telling him i i was like
the only reason that shirt is even still
around i i was gonna pull it down monday
or tuesday as soon as the episode came
out
uh and they're like all right well it's
time to take it down now we sold you
know 100 of them or whatever the joke is
on its course and i just forgot to i was
just being lazy and i was like i got a
bunch of slacks i'll slack later and
then i just never did and then we sold
hundreds upon hundreds and absolutely
absolutely ridiculous makes no sense
i know the premise was we did this and
jack's gonna be annoyed by it and we'll
remove it eventually when jack jack sees
it
respectfully i don't think jack's
feelings matter anymore it is the most
profitable shirt of 2022. i think it
just has to stay like i think the
audience is [__] jack in a weird way
yeah no buying the shirt we have just
the best listeners that's our next shirt
is [__] jack's feelings look for that
shirt coming soon it's going to sell 10
[Laughter]
do a variation of it the idea that in
the spreadsheet as the profit goes up
the guilt goes down
it does well i mean and just the fence i
feel like you've the closest you do
another show with jack it's clearly out
of your hands at this point you would
love to i'm sure remove a thing that
he's annoyed by but it's it's undeniably
successful it would make no sense i mean
we don't have a choice
bad business it would be terrible
business i will say i do think it
legitimately pissed him off oh
absolutely that's maybe the funniest
part what makes you say that uh i can
tell by his demeanor when we
were together that he was he was
certainly annoyed by it and uh
and i think i think even more annoyed by
how well it's sold how do we make it up
to it why i don't think we have to i
think uh
i don't know maybe do we get him a gift
basket
i don't think we have to we can get him
one of the shirts do you think that's a
great idea
maybe we could get him a special one
that is like a unique color like a one
of one maybe we should put together a
special
face guilt basket that we sent to people
[Laughter]
a regulation basket yeah we'll send it
to the director of the tuxedo we'll send
one to jack
oh my god we got to do that
what if we also promote him uh what if
we give him like a 10-day contract back
to the big leagues and he could be
minorly or he'd be major league fan jack
on a 10-day expiring contract
[Laughter]
um
i like that kevin you're like was he
really mad it's like yeah yeah it's it's
it's a joke based off of a thing he
created it's like something his number
one interest it seems like of course
that would be something i'd be annoyed
by like it's not
obviously he would be upset by it more
people bought the shirt than listen to
the podcast
no we should be clear that's not true
that's that true it might be close but
it's not true it's not true but it's a
really funny mean thing to say
okay i i couldn't stop myself it's
obviously not true
but i had to yeah it had to come out
so i couldn't i couldn't swallow that
poison
i feel like at this point we've we've
got back at jack not showing up to uh
any of the break [__] multiple times
over at this point yeah
yeah also he said he wanted to go on
that but eric didn't send him the
calendar invite dude that is i talked to
jeff about that like when we did this
break [__] yesterday uh that [__]
floored me i was so like i could not
believe that he said that and meant it
like
[Laughter]
he was there when we were like going to
record them
he was there and watched us set up he
hung out for like the better part of
half an hour and then it was getting
onto showtime and he went well
see you later i'm pretty sure we talked
to him
yes
it wasn't a secret we told him over and
over that we wanted him on
so like no i will i won't stand for that
like that's ridiculous he did this to
himself and like everything else he's
done it to himself and only has himself
to blame i feel like he texted you that
he was out or he texted jeff in one of
the first ones that like specifically
there was a reach out by jack oh my god
like he was invited he was on calendar
invites for the first bunch and
like he was like a last-minute scratch
from the first three of them i think i
will in defense of of jack if you don't
get a calendar invite but you say you're
invite it doesn't it's like a it feels
like a 50 he's had he's had calendar
invite but if you have a calendar invite
you do not make it then that is its own
i cannot that's not defendable what
happens if you don't have a calendar
invite but you're there as everyone's
setting up and about to go live with it
and you know it's happening and you know
you haven't made the other ones so the
invitation is still open and people are
saying [__] like yeah it'd be cool to
have you on today man
yeah if somebody says to me
i'd like for you to be on this or it'd
be really cool for you to be on this
then that goes out the window if there's
just an assumption of being welcome then
i'm kind of on his side in that moment
the open invite doesn't it's it's a
tricky thing it feels fake a lot of the
time i would be careful to get on not to
get on eric's bad side on this one he's
he's i don't i don't know
how it would be i don't understand how
it would be tricky jack we want you on
this and then he blew us off three hang
on and then he blew us off three times
and then we just kept doing these things
and going like would be cool if you came
and then he was there as we were setting
up i'll never forget that we were there
he was there as we were setting up and
like
oh is he i mean really it was hi he left
and me and jeff just went
i mean i didn't want to say anything i
had to see if he was going to stick
around or not and he just left and it
was like a solution for this
yeah the next break [__] we do it from
wherever jack is
like a break [__] flash mob
are they going to let us open baseball
cards at universal studios
[Laughter]
doing rips on a roller coaster oh my god
somebody write this down we'll forget
about that
that's a great idea
anyway uh thanks to the comment levers
and the regulation listeners both of you
uh for buying that shirt and being in on
that joke it was uh
holy nominal turnout i love this
listener base more than more than any
i've ever been a part of i think
uh i i totally agree i completely agree
i think uh
i think that we've all cultivated a
quite a little community together uh us
and then
uh speaking of you know what's funny
i've been you know i have my tendrils
everywhere in the company and so i watch
uh i keep up on the comments and how all
the different content is doing and i i
read a lot and i'm seeing comment lever
and regulation listener as a preface all
over the place
outside of our face world now i'm seeing
like hey guys uh comment leaver here or
i guess i'm a comment later now you used
to be a regulation listener anyway i
really like the new episode of ruby and
it's just like makes it has no ties to
the face at this point
which is very gratifying
if i read somewhere i'm a big ruby guy
i'll be very happy like that'll be the
that's like the chariot
it's uh
anyways it's become like a part of the
vernacular i guess is what i'm trying to
say which i i really appreciate yeah
that's awesome it's so funny oh hey i uh
i spent some time uh
eric mentioned we did a break [__]
yesterday we did like a mini break [__]
just he and i uh and uh
uh which by the way
everybody else is invited to it's just
we're gonna try to get the cadence up to
doing it weekly and we figure we'll do
like three smaller ones that are just he
and i or me and somebody else and then
the big monthly one with the full cast
and the sound board and everything
uh-huh um
is that okay with you gavin well yeah we
were just andrew and i were on halo and
we were trying to decide whether we were
invited to that
yeah emily was having the same the same
confusion as well yeah everybody's
invited i think we were just trying to
pull something like it was 60 minutes it
was in and out real fast it was like a
half the set set up uh it was more just
uh yeah just to try to get like
not everyone has to be like a major
production but anyway and then uh over
the weekend i spent some time with eric
we went swimming together
or whether we went to barton springs
together uh also with 10 day expiring
contract major league fan jack was there
as well and uh i learned something about
eric and i was going to see a few what
you guys think you guys know eric our
producer eric bedour right yeah
yeah uh that last part was a burp i was
not part of his name
uh would you guess him to be a water guy
or not a water guy hmm
well he's from
california
has california but it has water on it
so i would say he's not a water guy so
you think because he's from southern
because he's from san diego surrounded
by water he's not a water guy yeah i'm
trying to figure out if rats like water
and then making a choice
based upon that information i'm gonna
say rats are not water guys
so i'm gonna say also i'm gonna agree
with gavin eric's not a water guy i
would have pegged uh i would have pegged
eric as a water guy
through and through for a lot of reasons
uh a lot of pretty much everybody who
has a mustache as a water guy
uh he's got water guy glasses he's from
san diego he's always in shorts
super and super into wrestling and i
feel like most people that are into
wrestling are into [__] like four
wheelers and jet skis and fun stuff like
that and that just like i feel like if
you like wrestling you like water right
you're like
like kenny powers likes water you like
water yeah and uh and uh for all these
reasons and the whole san diego of it
all i just assumed he was a water guy
went to barton springs not a water guy
now what does that mean exactly well
that's the thing it's not that i'm
i'm not a water guy like hey let's jump
in like this really deep water and then
just tread water for a long time which
is what we did um for a long time uh i
mean like the water was cold and it was
nine feet deep and i just kept kicking
um
when
when i think of going to the water or
going to the beach i like being
near the water with a drink in my hand
and then sublime is playing from a radio
or a cover band not too far away
that is my ideal water scenario so i'm
like a near-water guy i'm just not
necessarily yeah i don't like being in
one
yeah i just no i don't think i've ever
been in water and gone like ah the right
temperature it's always
very cold and i don't like it's tough
when i saw him yesterday so we went we
went on sunday we were all celebrating
mother's day together jack and eric and
i uh
by going swimming uh with our
significant others uh and uh
anyway when i saw him on wednesday
to do the break [__] he goes he goes you
know uh you know what it's like when
you're in the water and you can't touch
the bottom and you dip down and you
touch the bottom and the bottom is slimy
uh and you wonder what is that and i'm
like yeah i guess and he's like i
haven't stopped thinking about that for
four days yeah yes yeah like the weeds
and algae and all that stuff in there i
didn't realize how deep nine feet is
until you jump in and go all the way to
the bottom and then it's slimy and then
you have to kick as hard as you can all
the way up and you just go like oh i'm
never gonna forget this probably as long
as i live i i think the scariest thing
to me about water that's around like if
you're in water and it's like 10 or 11
feet deep it's just the same as it being
450 feet deep
it's the same level of fear
absolutely agree with you
percent nine feet might as well be the
mariana trench it's all bad and i don't
like it
why is the depth intimidating
because what's down there and also what
touched me and also how do i get out of
it i don't and it something could grab
me at any moment what the
freshwater sharks i don't know i guess i
don't i don't associate depth with those
feelings or concerns that is my number
one concern in like the ocean what a
[__] shark eats me or whatever
ridiculous thought but
depth never comes into play so
that that makes me question andrew would
you consider yourself a water guy not a
water guy or a near water guy i am i
think the biggest water guy but i think
there's different classes of water guy
am i a water sports guy no i'm not a
water sports guy love being in the water
love being around the water you love
your nuts don't i
terrible knots but i i do not i'm not
gonna ride i'm not gonna ride a jet ski
type thing that doesn't appeal to me i
mean i i'm willing to but that's not a
thing i'm excited about i think the only
vehicle classification i'd say i get
maybe excited about on the water is a
kayak but kayak guy i love a good kayak
but outside of that
i'd say i'm generally an in the water
guy would be my highest water ranking i
think i i think that makes total sense
uh okay uh nick
i'd like to ask you as well or would you
consider yourself i would nick i got to
be honest you look like a big water guy
to me you seem like a huge water guy
love water i thought so big water guy
absolutely don't get enough of it
because you know texas
yeah yeah
that well at least at least i'm not
losing my mind then okay i have a
question for eric then is eric are you a
hot tub guy if this is a temperature
issue mainly what
do you would you hop in a hot tub at
every available opportunity uh i don't
know about every available opportunity
but like i have i i like spending time
in a hot tub again i i like being
near the water so it the same thing
holds where if there's a hot tub
and i have a drink in my hand and
sublime is on a radio or there is a
cover band playing sublime i'm thrilled
i don't have to be in the water to be
having a good time but you wouldn't go
in a nine foot deep hot tub that sounds
so can you imagine oh my god that's the
scariest [__] thing that's just all
that's like a hole it's just four feet
wide but nine feet down hey all right
come up in the drowned tube oh my god
well there's one way down and no way's
up
that's like a giant stockpot from
[__] like when you see bugs bunny
characters cooking each other
god damn uh
gavin water guy near the water guy uh
not a water guy yeah i love the wall guy
i mean
i love the water guy big kevin costner
fan love him
what a guy i would say once i'm
acclimatized i can't get enough of it
like especially in the ocean like being
in the sea getting pelted by the waves
can we get a love of the water guys
shirt yeah i'm just imagining the water
boy but it's the water guy we we have a
tendency uh even when we're joking like
i saw a bunch of people that are like i
would like a shirt have her a shirt
please or a shirt wear shirt please we
gotta not beat that [__] into the ground
because i would be definitely tempted to
to dumb shirt my way into the poor house
you know what um
meg said she would absolutely buy a
shirt have a slash shirt buy a shirt
when i was like
i think shirt haver is something we
probably should do what if it's a what
if we put it on a koozie
i guess
why
why can't we just put it on a shirt we
can do that too
oh you do that too i don't you want a
koozie to say shirt have her
typically no hang on because typically
when i have a koozie i don't have a
shirt on i'm drinking near the water and
there's no shirt
i'm just trying really hard to make
koozies happen
you really want koozies to happen i
really liked one didn't
we had a vancouver child kicker koozie
that you could buy by itself or a pack
of four that didn't have that one in it
it was removed from that i don't know
why we sold one by itself and then four
is a group that had not that didn't
include one of the ones that was by
itself
madness uh yeah i don't begin to know uh
how to answer that question so
i will say
i didn't have an issue my premise gavin
isn't my issue with your shirt haver
shirt
isn't that it shouldn't exist it was
that you framed it as in this is a
market we need to cater to that is the
absurdity of your statement i don't know
how they end up on the store i don't
know how they find that show like the
person who is that person that you're
trying to aim that product to as a joke
as like a dumb thing hilarious but like
you treated it like you're tapping into
an audience that we didn't have that was
my issue
look you know i'm mostly on your side
with this it seems that it seems to have
a broad appeal uh i mean meg likes it
right yeah she's she's neither a comment
leaver or a regulation listener although
there you go she is a comment leaver on
other podcasts which i found to be
insane
what
she's left comments
on other podcasts
so she's a comment leaver but just not
for us
i i don't know if i should be offended
or or what that's interesting uh
i do feel like shirt haver is a well why
doesn't she leave cotton okay
well i what podcast
um what is
do you feel comfortable saying it on on
on our podcast
uh yeah i think it was last podcast on
the left i don't like people anymore or
maybe the dollop i don't like
goatees you want meg to listen to this
oh i'm totally happy with her never
listen to this
that's how i feel yeah i i think about
all of i think about the discomfort it
could cause gavin and that feels like an
opportunity my main thing is that i
really enjoy telling her the highlights
of it like i really enjoy filling her in
if she if she's like yeah i know then
it's not you know i do i will say i i
will say it makes dinners more fun
because we always have a lot to talk
about yeah yeah uh
i do think a shirt haver is a funnier
shirt than an anal passage shirt for
sure
which we got to pull that down at some
point maybe it's already down no we
don't
leave it up for you
leave it up forever
i guess it is probably the best-selling
face shirt it's the best shirt of the
year it's not even face you can't pull
it down i'd love to but i'm so happy and
i'm done i'm so annoyed as well because
it's not our best shirt
no no no we've made some killer stuff
that's not even as funny as the other
jack shirt we made
the ball jack shirt
yeah we made some really good stuff
it's also a parody of a parody
you know what yeah
it's the universal studios logo that
says annual pass and then we made
a shirt that said anal passage so really
it's like we're putting a hat on a hat
here
people love
maybe we should only modify the anal
that like that shirt we should just come
up with what comes after anal passage
but we always put it in that design
[Laughter]
you'll be able to see all our shirts
slowly evolve
[Laughter]
oh hey i did uh i did i caught myself
doing one of the dumber things i've ever
done maybe in my life last night and it
here's the thing i'm afraid i've been
doing it for a couple weeks now and not
realizing it
oh i can't wait this is incredible uh
i'll start off by saying uh you know i'm
uh i kind of flutter between an agnostic
uh and uh atheist
uh in terms of my uh religious beliefs
and it's uh it is honestly something i
think about uh the more the closer to
death you get the more you think about
it the older i get the i find the more i
think about this stuff uh which is why i
kind of bounce around between the two
but um
on occasion i will pray at the end of
the day you know like in bed uh it's
kind of like uh
sometimes you just do it because you did
it as a kid you don't even realize
you're doing it and then uh i'll catch
myself
like when you're a kid you have like a
prey mantra that you just say the same
thing over i'll catch myself praying for
people that are dead and i'm like oh
wait my grandpa died 10 years ago stop
praying for him uh
but like and i don't do it very often
just on occasion but i have a like an
extended family member who is going
through an illness right now and so i
he's been on my mind a lot and so i've
been thinking like you know i'll just
whether it's [__] or not i'm gonna
put some good out in the world you know
put some positive energy out there so
each night for the last couple weeks
i've been praying
that his uh
his treatment goes well and uh i was
doing it last night and as i was doing
it last night i realized i was saying
dear alexa i was praying to alexa in my
head
and now i realize i'm pretty sure i've
been saying alexa this whole time i'm
pretty sure i've been praying to alexa
why why
i don't know i don't know because i say
hey alexa a lot to talk to the robot in
the house
wait
so you're
you your brain is processing like you're
leaving a note
like yeah talking to your automated
device or whatever maybe like alexa like
turn up like alexa turn off you're so
used to like when you're doing a task to
say alexa first that it is now entered
into your prayer yeah 100
like i talked to alexa
i talked to alexa more
i talked to alexa more in the day than
anybody else you know
alexa my whole house is automated by
alexa so we communicate constantly and i
think i think at night i just like i
just have been going like i could cuz i
caught myself doing it last night and i
went this this doesn't feel like the
first time i've done this just felt way
too familiar i was just like dear alexa
please look after millie and
emily and my mom and my grandma
hey alexa full of grace the lord
yeah i don't say it like that i just i
just
it's always like dear lord you know but
i guess i've been saying dear alexa or
hey alex
helix are open channels to god
[Laughter]
i'm picturing it's like you're calling
out to heimdall to open the by frost
anyway when i realized i did it i had to
get up and go go to my phone and write
the [__] note down because i'd left
my phone in the other room because it
was i wonder if i couldn't believe it
yes do you have an alexa in that room
yeah i wonder if it's picked up on any
of that i wonder if if you go into your
app does it just have a load of prayer
like well i don't pray out loud i'm not
it's not like i'm sitting with my knees
at the bed with praying it's just like
laying in bed on the pillow and alexa
can't yet read your thoughts so that's
totally fine to my knowledge she does
not currently read my thoughts
there has to be if this is happening
with your prayer this has to be
happening in other areas too i'm just
curious to like what extent what hey
alexa has gone
undetected by you oh
i mean i definitely call
uh definitely call my girlfriend and my
daughter alexa
[Laughter]
like
not every day but more than once a week
probably what for sure this podcast will
be a nightmare for people playing it i
don't think that works anymore i think
it doesn't i don't know i think they
fixed that somehow because i see it
because it comes up in tv commercials
and tv shows all the time and it never
triggers mine
huh all right i i'm
this is so it's like you have a deeper
connection with alexa no no like walking
phoenix and her like you have this long
standing you and alexa number one your
best buddy i will say i will say my
girlfriend thinks that alexa is
noticeably nicer to me than her and she
is annoyed by it uh but i'm very
friendly to alexa so it makes sense that
she would be friendly to me i mean be
careful eventually alexa google home and
syria will all get together and leave
well i don't i have nothing to do with
google home or siri i i'm gonna i'm
gonna elect you don't [__] with google
[__] with google home
uh i know where my bread is buttered
it's buttered uh by alexa uh anyway i
can't be the only person on earth that's
done this surely
surely somebody else has done that i
mean statistically maybe
but not i mean that's a wild
that's an insane thing to do jeff
and i love it
i'm proud of you for sharing that
hey alexa what a [__] and it
it's like the most
personal thoughts
and you've tied it to jeff bezos
alexa is the name that i say the most in
the world that i shout out to the world
when i want to speak to an inanimate
object so at night when i'm half asleep
and i'm speaking to the other inanimate
object i just got the names flipped
sure
i guess it's logical
but it's just a wild mistake
to make
i'm just glad you noticed it yeah i just
wonder how long i've been doing it for
oh man i love that so much just that
it's all internal
oh 100 internal too yeah
[Applause]
with all the busyness that comes from
day to day life it can be tough to find
time to focus on what really matters
especially if you're running a business
when you run a business time seems more
precious every misplaced moment feels
like a missed opportunity a lost chance
to make your business better or even
just to step away and recharge
shipstation gives e-commerce sorrows
like you more time to do what they
really love unless what you really love
is managing every single little detail
of order fulfillment shipstation
automates time intensive shipping
processes so you can get back to
focusing on bigger things like
developing new products honing your
marketing strategy or interacting with
customers no wonder shipstation is
already trusted by over a hundred
thousand sellers
all the time i would say from ship
station i could dig so many bean holes
it would be fantastic all those manual
shipping tasks eating up your time ship
station is really good at this so let
ship station handle all your shipping
and handling and get back to what you're
good at growing your business it works
with all your storefronts amazon ebay
etsy and more and lets you automate all
the manual work that goes into shipping
you also get deeply discounted shipping
rates normally reserved for fortune 500
companies you can easily compare
carriers rates and delivery time so it's
easy to choose the best option for every
shipping scenario in fact 98 of
companies that use shipstation for a
year keep using it for as long as
they're in business
it's time to let go of all those
shipping tasks shipstation can do it
better and faster sign up using promo
code face for a free 60-day trial today
at shipstation.com and start saving time
with every shipment that's two whole
months of shipping made quick and
painless and it's free to try just go to
shipstation.com click on the microphone
at the top of the page and type in face
ship station make ship happen this
podcast is sponsored by better help life
can be overwhelming and many people are
burned out without even knowing it
symptoms can include lack of motivation
feeling helpless or trapped detachment
fatigue and more
i have experienced burnout
quite a few times in life for all sorts
of reasons whether it be personal or
work
it can be really exhausting and it's
just it's tough
it's tough to do anything and then that
can kind of snowball into a bunch of
other issues at least in my experience
we associate burnout with work but
that's not the only cause
any of our roles in life can lead us to
feel burned out and better help online
therapy wants to remind you to
prioritize yourself talking with someone
can help you figure out what's causing
stress in your life
therapy is something that has been
incredibly helpful to me i mention it
every time i do these ads
i had a lot of different issues
happening in my personal life i
struggled with finding people to talk to
and just being able to regularly
discuss things that were going on really
helped me unpack certain issues as well
as just discover ways that i was being
impacted
that i didn't even realize so if if
you're considering therapy i would
highly recommend it it's it's something
that has made a tremendous impact on my
life better help is customized online
therapy that offers video phone and even
live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on
camera if you don't want to
it's much more affordable than in-person
therapy and you can match with a
therapist in under 48 hours
face listeners get 10 off their first
month at betterhelp.com face
that's betterhelp.com
face
i have a
i have a thing
okay
paste
oh boy
i'm excited for this
oh jeff what's that
what does that look like so you need to
you need to tee this up
looks like people that are just
listening it's like a video game clip
it's not loaded video game club uh what
game would you say that is based off of
the thumbnail that you're looking at
jeff uh hold on
looks like halo it looks like halo okay
okay somebody took the lead i can't
really read it is it
huh
i don't know i don't know what i'm
looking at
we're not a halo podcast so why am i
looking at this well what it might be
it's instead of
a 13 year old 240p clip of my overkill
it might be a 4k remastered all five
views full game video to prove my
innocence to you damn skeptics
are you uh
are you still on that didn't we move on
from that forever again
yeah we did i was
i found my old original
i was looking for a
an oblivion save because i want to try
and complete oblivion uh was it 16 years
after i put it down and i found on that
same xbox my
original overkill clip the full clip so
now that's the final piece
of evidence i need to put out there
so does this does this exonerate you or
prove your guilt i can't even remember
which way i went i'll let you be the
fish
[Laughter]
andrew it sounds like jeff move
andrew i just respect the move by you
you were so anti he's cheated he cheated
you're in the no like you're denying all
evidence and then everything's brought
forward and you couldn't care
that doesn't matter jeff has known since
the day it happened that i did it for
real and uh and i know that for a fact
but now
now this is no now we cannot doubt it i
guess uh
i mean it doesn't the video show the
same [__] that happened last time well
you can actually see it this time now
you can see and you can see everyone
else in the game fighting the entire
game
you see every perspective the events
that lead to the overkill i feel like
this is pretty damning we can officially
close the book on if gavin cheated or
not i think this is definitive evidence
i'll say this
i'll say this it's it's either evidence
that he did it or evidence that gavin is
a really good director which we've known
for a very long time
i don't i don't think i found the same
people and got them to pop it out
no i think you could have been directing
them in the moment oh oh
well next girl good point i didn't you
would hire a lawyer you would know uh
you would know that you would need to to
uh do some work to to make it look
legitimate for bernie and i to believe
you
and so no but you know at the end of the
day it doesn't really matter you you
cheated or maybe you didn't i don't know
yeah maybe a hundred years maybe i
didn't
maybe i don't know
what just i'm just putting it to bed i'm
just just finalizing that storyline put
it to bed you pulled it you you woke it
up and brought it out of bed and took it
into the living room and then made it
talk for a little bit and now you're
putting it back to bed no it's no no
it's fully to bed it was it was nodding
off the last time
[Laughter]
it was left and i think there was still
some wiggle room i agree with gavin this
is now definitively the case is done
and we can move on to other halo things
this isn't the only halo thing we have
to talk about gavin and i have been
playing a little bit of halo recently
i'm going to send you a clip jeff okay i
guess i'll upload it in our slack i will
also upload these to
maybe i'll give a link on the twitter
account so people can watch these things
can i do i have a setting actually watch
it or can i pretend to watch it like the
last one oh you have to actually watch
this one okay but it's only like 12
seconds
so i'm going to send you a clip and i
want you to tell me
based off of this clip what do you think
is happening here and then i'll give you
another give you another clip after that
after you make a quick little guess
i'll have these up on the twitter in
some capacities good look at them here
we go
appears to be halo
what the [__] just happened
so what do you what would you guess
happen based off of that clip
uh i think somebody shot somebody in the
back of the head maybe
what am i supposed to see here
i was just i was just curious what you
think is going i'm going to send you
another clip and you can make another
guess
as to what's happening this is the
second clip also halo also very brief
will be up in the slack in a moment it
is now up again
and then once once you make this guess
we will go into i think the story of
what is actually going on
so what would you say is happening based
on that clip
oh uh
i think maybe somebody's
dropped their controller or they've got
a rubber banded or something because
they're they're just shooting in circles
and running around looking like an idiot
yeah
so the clip is somebody shooting in
circles running like an idiot
uh
a few days ago maybe like a week at this
point gavin and i were playing halo and
somehow the topic came up about how hard
it would be to get a kill
and tactical slayer which used to be
swat it's not a tactical slayer
blindfolded how long would it take how
many games would it be is this a thing
we could we could do potentially
and i brought up because tactical slayer
now has a bunch of different guns within
it one of them being the mangler uh i
was like i think the mangler would be
tougher toughest to do gavin said i'll
give you a thousand dollars if you can
get a blindfolded mangler kill so we
have been playing
blind halo infinite like one game
whenever we play the first one we did
we load in it's so funny to play halo
with only sound as your context like
trying to guess what level level you're
on based on what the floor sounds like
and how you're moving around and trying
to chase sound and having no concept of
what you're doing so we played through
our first game
and we both took our blindfolds off and
we had zero kills we had zero of
everything we did absolutely nothing i
think i went 0 and 60.
yeah he was like oh it's 16 i was like
oh and 18 it was bad we're terrible
in halo infinite there is a box that
people can use to type and send messages
to
what i first noticed was we didn't have
any score the second thing i noticed is
that box was filled with text and that's
something you don't typically see
we had no idea our team hated us to the
point in which they were talking about
it in the chat like as soon as we
started somebody is like what are these
[__] [__] doing they're useless
and then i think someone from the other
team replied like hey it's just a video
game man be cool
and then they saw that we just kept
running in the walls and they're like no
these guys suck [__] these guys we
united the entire like our the rest of
our team and the other team into hating
us and they all reported us for i guess
poor sportsmanship everyone was so mad
at us that was our first game we
deserved it we did but we're just having
fun and like it was goofy and it's not
ranked it doesn't really matter you were
like oh maybe we got a kill i think i
heard somebody maybe i hit someone so to
take the blindfold off and just see rage
from everybody in the game aimed at us
was very funny we didn't then we did the
second game the first clip you saw jeff
which was running i was me running into
a wall and then running off the back of
the map and i
i ran off the back of the map fell in
the water and i distinctly remember
saying to gavin i found a river
what level has a river in it that was
the thing is that at the beginning we
don't even know which map we're on so we
can't even like visualize where we are i
see so what you guys are saying here is
the other clip from 20 years ago when
gavin would got the overkill everybody
else was blindfolded
i think that's what we want
that makes now that now you tied it
together it all makes sense so did you
guys ever get a did you actually get a
kill well i have i have one more clip to
show you i'll put it in the slack
so i was very confident that i hit
somebody but i wasn't sure if it was a
teammate or not or like what exactly was
going on
so this clip
i couldn't believe it at the end of the
second game took off the blindfold i had
one kill
and i immediately had to see
how in the [__] did this happen
i was gonna do a thing in my head i
thought about doing
uh
eric's is great for an audio podcast for
sure we [__] edited it what are you
talking about that's an insane statement
to make oh you you meleed somebody in
the back of the head i mailed someone in
the back of that i gotta kill
blindfolded in our second game i thought
about doing a thing on our twitch
account of being like i'm gonna stream a
blind game of halo infinite every day
it'll take a year or whatever for me to
actually get a kill it happened in the
second game and i was so excited
and disappointed the second clip that i
showed you jeff actually has the kill in
it somehow blindfolded gavin and i
worked together where he was shooting
blindly in a field just spinning in a
circle and that distracted people and i
happened to run up and hit one of them
in the back while running forward so it
was a combined duo blind kill it was
amazing how
how much better we got at figuring out
where we were in relation to each other
like just going on sound like steering
towards the fight based on just stereo
hearing yeah and we're using like
gunshots to try and identify with each
other words sometimes we can like hear
each other meleeing at walton st we
actually got a lot better than we did in
the second game than the first game
there's a lot of growth it was like
distinguishing when you're hitting a
wall and what that sounds like and then
knowing like i gotta move but it's just
it's insane to me that we pulled this
off within two games
um sadly it was not a mangler kill so
where are you gonna take it from here i
don't that's a great question we haven't
really i haven't thought about it that
much what if you guys get a
stream it on twitch or whatever you
talked about but uh for like a year and
try to get a combined 117 kills
why 117
just 117 because master chief is that is
that the idea okay
okay because i i don't know
i i don't
i've never played a game actually blind
and i assume there's a lot of games that
are playable as a blind person but i
can't imagine an fps like is there a way
that that's done typically
i i'm not sure with like accessibility
it seems like
still a long ways to go in games but it
feels like there have been certain games
at least that have made more of an
effort in that direction
i'm not sure what it's like to play in
fps purely blind i know there are things
uh in games like punch out punch out has
a really big blind speed running
community which is [__] crazy to
watch it's really interesting to see
people like just knowing how to move
based on sound
yeah there's a whole i watched a whole
super mario 64 speedrun that was
blindfolded and it was
utterly insane like running into walls
to line up against other jumps and stuff
it's it's pretty mental stuff it's very
it's incredible yeah what people
can pull off but lots of sound cues
people are capable of so much more than
we'll ever achieve
yeah sure oh absolutely
yeah undeniably it's impressive
everybody but us isn't really impressive
[Music]
i saw andrew's beard oh [__] how was it
it's it's actually a really good bit
yeah he wasn't like that oh man i want
to see his beard decent i could text you
the because we both uh can't text you we
were just texting each other pictures of
our blindfolds so i was i basically saw
his chin
and i realized it's the first time i've
seen andrew since we started face
it was so weird it is strange i don't
think i've seen you guys since
2018 or 19 at this time at this point
which is hard to believe it's hard to
wrap
wrap the brain around well that will end
soon with uh november are you gonna stop
talking to us no no november we're going
oh right in november apparently yeah
there's some there's a bunch of side
bets on whether you're gonna show up or
not oh i know i have written them down
i'm keeping a list i'm aware of what's
going on jack is gonna owe me twenty
dollars
you know what i'm gonna do with that
twenty dollars i'm gonna invest it in a
wonderful anal passage shirt one of my
favorite shirts great product
from jack directly
i can't wait for vicks
i was bringing this up i'd love to hear
your take on this because you're way
more of a music guy jeff
than i am
same with you eric i feel like you you
know quite a bit about music is every
song
that has a spelling sequence in it a
banger
i was listening to respect and i was
like this is a great [__] song
everyone loves the part where you spell
out respect
and then i started thinking about every
song i could think of that has a
sequence in it and which they spell
something it's [__] great i love all
these give me another one what's another
option uh bananas
well no there's only more
there's um this isn't a word but like
sos by rihanna s o s
[__] banger glamorous by fergie
banger yeah it makes you wonder if other
songs that don't do it would be just as
popular today like
uh
like drove my chevy to the levy but the
levy was d-r-y
i feel like that would be an example of
it
yeah that wouldn't be satisfying
does ymca count or do acronyms
that's i feel like that's still a
spelling sequence yeah
i think it totally counts ymca is a
great one
i'm sure there are ones that exist that
are bad but like everyone i could think
of i was like that's a great [__]
song it's a weird coincidence
saturday night my bay city rollers is a
great one s-a-t-u-r
d-a why not great fantastic song
what a [__] song that is i want to
start a new segment on space where we
just listen to andrew excitedly sing
songs
do you have any other ones is there any
song you can think of
i was really enjoying uh
that your saturday night by the way
i can't think of any other
spell songs although i bet i bet the uh
regulation listeners and comment leavers
can think of tons
i'm sure there's tons yeah that we're
just not aware of i just literally
everyone i could think of i couldn't
think of one or i was like i don't
really like that song they're all great
i feel like i've had double g spelled a
few times absolutely and that's always
great
that's never that's never bad that's
always a banger
but speaking of of segments that we do
we [__] up last episode
we're idiots
we did not make any guesses as to who
the previously owned voices
i know eric has
compiled a document for you guys he's
got the information he just posted in
the chat this cannot just endlessly go
on
so i'm gonna put a little bit of
pressure
on the two of you because you have
information you have research you have
the notes in front of you now you should
be able to solve this
if you are not able to get it i'll give
you three more episodes not including
this one three more you do not get it
within those three i'm just never gonna
tell you ah you're a bastard why don't
you give us another clue
uh okay
a clue should we quickly read out the
guesses or the people yeah yeah why
don't you why don't you go through the
game guesses so far
nick
fluke face jeff flute face andrew the
naming genius slash the acne
the lawyer from higher judge
peter in brackets waffle p jake garfield
cart furious racing champion chris
called at the end of episode 14 and did
the outro caleb drew sapling ian trevor
mcdonald's piss lady don zimmer's son
humpty dumpty billy ripkin and the naimo
firefighter i don't remember half of
those i don't either
yeah i feel like you guys must have just
like shotgun guesses i guess we haven't
done that many episodes worth of guesses
these are all confirmed guesses across
the board including some guesses from uh
listeners that andrew has i guess
they're commenting
they've made guesses
none of those people this is even gives
you gives you yeah yeah we gave you some
here
uh i'll give you a clue
uh so what is i wish i had a list of
what you've you've said so far i feel
like we've gone into you've asked if
they're a public figure and i said no
we have gone into that
i will say that i met them through this
show
you met them through the show and it was
in season two
yes i believe so i should go back and
confirm that i believe it was season two
met them through this show
met them through this if uh if this show
didn't exist they would i would have
never crossed paths with them oh what
about the guy
um
that slacked us
which guy
that was a guy
is it are you saying is it uh greg from
accounting yeah
is that your guess greg from accounting
is
an incorrect guess i wouldn't i wouldn't
guess that because he doesn't work
through here anymore he he switched
companies all uh yeah
uh
that's why you don't hear from greg from
accounting anymore for like the last
year but that uh okay
uh greg from greg not from accounting
greg from other accounting
uh
what was that
i'm just i'm going to say i'm going like
jeopardy rules you need to be correct
with the
i'm not not implying that that is the
correct answer and you just phrased it
wrong
but you need to be like as opposed to
incorrect yeah it needs to be you can't
you have to have the name of the thing
correctly displayed the name of the
thing
or the person
why are you phrasing it like
well okay so like if you guessed the
director from the tuxedo i would not
accept that but if you said kevin
donovan i would accept that
oh
so you may be quick why was that not on
the guest list because we guessed him
didn't we yeah we did
how uh it's a shitty list eric hold on
so i is
is it do we know do gavin and i both
know this person's name
you're allowed to get yeah we have to do
or do we have to do research to find out
their name
yeah well yeah
you both know well i don't know i mean
you're saying yeah to a lot of stuff
here that's confusing the [__] out of me
yeah well i don't i don't know the
answer to that question i should yeah
jeff
i will say this
[__] well now i don't know what to do
eric can i have a ruling on this oh
consider
what how do i
how do i you you listen you worked
yourself into this corner but well no i
feel no i feel like we've talked about
this i feel like under jeopardy rules i
don't think they've got it right would
you agree don't i don't think we ever
talked about jeopardy rules no but we've
talked about people have made guesses
and it's like close but not exactly what
are we what's the rule surely if we've
said the person and it's that person we
win
but it's not you haven't technically
said the person but this is where this
is where i can't listen i need to be
not involved in this now because now
it's becoming an andrew thing and i
don't want anything to do no no no no no
no no no no no no no close in any way
you know we might have it
i you are so close
but not quite right but you're
so my god
you have to separate me from this
because now because because now this is
an andrew thing i can't believe we're
into this thing we've talked about this
we've talked about this you've agreed
with this i don't want i don't want
anything you've agreed with
because now he's talking about jeopardy
rules and all this other stuff
and i can't i can't be a part of this
anymore well he's agreed already though
that's what i do okay
let me ask you this okay when when we
said someone yep to you
yup was that the person
uh
in what context sorry what was what's
that next to the [__] contest what do
you mean what context did we guess the
[__] person
oh my god what a stupid thing to say
well i don't know what you mean by that
you guessed
what
let's calm down calm down you got i'm
gonna i'm gonna rework what gavin just
asked me
and explain it
you've gotten
you've gotten the name right you haven't
got
the name right you got the name right
but not their actual role
if they were a character
it would be like if you said
bat guy and you meant batman uh oh greg
from
uh
was he not an accountant
there's a specific title
i'm searching slack great oh greg
there's a lot of greg's that don't work
here anymore
not that one i know that one
is it that one no that one never talked
to me hold on
uh what about
this one no he's never said a word to me
uh
greg
oh what about that one i you know this
is pivoted i feel betrayed by eric in
this moment i feel like this is going to
be oh really andrew at this point uh you
are this is a great betrayal but i want
to talk about being in the deep end of
water you're you're treading man no
i am in a four foot hot tub and i can
see the floor it is clear i am
comfortable
i mean i know the dudes from finance and
strategy
you got it you haven't got it greg in
finance oh god you are
really
just said yes when i guessed greg no you
said greg from accounting then i didn't
even say greg i said that guy who
slapped us you're the one who filled it
into
greg financing is the same [__] thing
what dude it's the same department in
the company different it's a different
nickname
this is why this is why i couldn't be a
part of it because i knew you got it
now now
no no no no no no no no it's not let me
[__] go into our slack chat cause
eric and i have talked i'm like so many
people have been so close but not exact
and you're like yeah it's crazy
everyone's so close
[Laughter]
would send the guesses to greg that
guessed him and then he would downvote
them
[Laughter]
jesus christ well how's greg doing i
don't i didn't know he didn't work at
the company anymore i know i'm having an
issue with payroll or something
go in
it's like are you in accounting no i'm
in finance and you're like okay bye
[Laughter]
i agree sorry i'm not greg from payroll
i'm greg from accounting but i was
trying to be what do you guys do here in
accounting we handle payroll
oh geez
this is why i couldn't get on board with
this
greg i'm like yeah they got it
no
rules
he wanted it to last
no more episodes no it's not kidding if
i said you're trying to guess greg again
at that point like would you have ever
come back to that never no if i said
[__] no time out time out if i put a
poster a [__] superman on the wall
and i say who's that character and you
say super guy that's not correct that is
an incorrect guess if i had to pick him
out of a lineup and you said super guy
i'd probably think you were talking
about superbad if he was stood next to
but you're making me do the leap you're
making me do that's not a correct guess
that's the correct guess
hey jeff yeah
was this worth it no greg and financing
and greg and accounting are the same
person we know
we know that
we know who that there it's the only
person who who filled that role with the
name greg in this company you are
arguing you are you are being pedantic
right now and you are arguing semantics
he clearly
clearly
clearly guessed the right
andrew i wish there was something i wish
we had a verb that was stronger than
salad cream like i was noticing that
there was something above salad cream
for what you've just done not only to
gather not only to i but to the entire
community
first of all
you're the biggest technicality guy i
know you're you're always googling the
[__] dictionary whenever anything
comes up i don't want to hear some
magics by you the dictionary [__] kid
i don't want to hear it
second of all it was a long pause if you
listen to the tape i was in a real
pickle in that moment i didn't know what
to say
i i right
the wrong way well i feel like after
six episodes if you guessed super guy
for superman that's kind of uh like
that's not great so then i guided
because i didn't feel bad
but you got it wrong that's not his
title it's not his character name he's
gregan finances the character greg and
accounting is not the same as craig find
it i understand it's the same profession
it's not the same with the context of
what the name is
oh my god
you're right though you want
congratulations
[Applause]
someone apparently on this list someone
guessed humpty dumpty that's like
guessing humpty dumpty but not
specifying the egg from the wall no
he's like no technically his name is sir
humpty dumpty he was knighted so you
don't have the full title i had to
distance myself as soon as he said if
you were to guess the director of the
tuxedo but didn't guess him by name i'm
like that's the craziest no that's like
so nuts
jeopardy rules
you gotta specify that at the beginning
you fool
yeah
specified at the beginning you
you don't create the rule set on week
seven of the [__] contest okay no to
be fair to me i didn't feel the rules
were important when you kept making the
same [__] guess three weeks in a row
the rules did this is vital was caleb if
it was him would we have had to have
guests caleb a little screen looking
bastard like what are we no
no
no caleb is fine caleb is no
greg and finance is a specifically known
character
man the return of greg and finance what
an awesome way to end this episode thank
you
for sticking with us and listening to
another episode of the face podcast if
you made it this far you got hard hard
hard [__] by andrew so did we uh go
ahead and leave us a review if you don't
mind i hope you don't knock a star off
because of that uh
i assume it was all in good fun or he's
a [__] lunatic i don't know
see you next time
hey guys regular fan jack here with a
look at next week's episode of face the
candy will kill them all gavin has
issues with his hose that's too much
neck jeff has swan problems don't jump
off bridges there's a bonus bit on the
logo it's time for jet ski season and
once again andrew does not eat the
pencil all that and more on next week's
episode of bass
you